Fallback for _execute_browser_action (#1886)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/develop/manifest-v3-migration-guide.md

- update API references from `browser.browserAction` to  `browser.action`.
- if used, change `_execute_browser_action` to `_execute_action` in the `commands` manifest key and in the [`menu.create`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/menus/create) and [`menu.update`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/menus/update) API methods (or their aliases `contextMenus.create` and `contextMenus.update`).

::: note

> Users can define custom shortcuts for the browser action, which are saved against `_execute_browser_action` in Manifest V2 and `_execute_action` in Manifest V2. When an extension is migrated to Manifest V3, the user-defined shortcuts are not migrated. From Firefox 127, to prevent the loss of user-defined shortcuts, when there are no user shortcuts for `_execute_action`, but there are for `_execute_browser_action`, the user shortcuts defined in `_execute_browser_action` are used.

Author: ```suggestion
If the user changes the shortcut of the `_execute_browser_action` command, it is automatically carried over to the `_execute_action` command when an extension migrates from Manifest V2 to V3. This was implemented in Chrome 111 and Firefox 127.
```

:::

::: note

> In Chromium and Safari, the Browser Action and Page Action APIs are unified into the Action API, `page_action` is merged into the renamed `action` key, and the `_execute_page_action` special shortcut is replaced by `_execute_action`. Firefox retains the page action API, key, and special shortcut in the developer preview but will merge the page action features into action in a later release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In Chromium and Safari, the Browser Action and Page Action APIs are unified into the Action API, `page_action` is merged into the renamed `action` key, and the `_execute_page_action` special shortcut is replaced by `_execute_action`. Firefox retains the page action API, key, and special shortcut.
```

We are keeping them both. Please create a new PR with this suggested change and I will confirm with my team whether we should update the docs as I suggested.
